Dear Ganta Indra Reddy,

I am Lakshmanan  from CASA, as discussed over the call, here I am sharing the company profile and interview details

We were formerly known for a well-known brand named Ajira Tech, a high-end consulting firm building end-to-end products and solutions for enterprise customers. We’ve rebranded as Adept Labz for services, and our product name is Casa Retail AI.
 

AI Product Company - Casa Retail AI

CasaRetail.ai

https://casaretail.ai

 

Deep Tech Service Company: Adept Labz

https://adeptlabz.com/

 

Founded by Sathyanarayanan (Sat) having more than 2 decades of experience in global software development and 15+ years in the retail technology sector. He was Ex global head of retail at ThoughtWorks & Wipro, working with the top 100 retail customers in the US.

 

Through his industry experience in retail space, Sat worked in parallel with some of his innovative ideas in Retail Tech and built a product that eventually got a great demand and product market fitment in the retail industry. Currently, the product is serving more than 20 million customers and 2000 stores across the globe, helping Enterprise Retail clients at a massive scale. Some of our premium customers are Croma, FabIndia, Tony&Guy, Derby, Indian Terrain, Under Armour, Bose and others.

 

Recently Croma has awarded CASA Retail AI as the best Customer Engagement Company for our significant contribution in increasing the sales by 40%.

 

About Product:

 

Casa Retail AI is a Deep Tech AI product start-up disrupting the Enterprise Retail space.

 

We have 10 suits of products integrated to delight customers at every step of their shopping journey through AI-driven Omni-channel experience. Our AI-Powered product offering starts right from in-store consumer engagement through personalized product recommendations, automating behavior-based personalized campaigns and redirecting the consumers to customer websites, providing combos, offers and loyalty to consumers which would be more personalized to each and every consumers by personalize their journey knowing more about the them through AI and Analytics. 

 

In overall view, we help our Retail Enterprise Customers with business intelligence and solutions to increase the sales, ATV (Average Transaction Value), customer retention and eventually the revenue through Analytics and AI.

 

We're exponentially growing Month-On-Month, partnering with leading Tech Giants in retail space and generating significant ARR.  As we grow, the scale at which our platform handles double down month on month, so we're looking for core product developers and architects with entrepreneurial mindset who could brainstorm ideas, research the market, come up with the technological choice, design, architect, and develop products to solve complex business problems and scale the product and make it highly scalable and reliable using cutting edge technologies.

 

Founder:

Sat Vijayaraghavan  

Founder and CEO at Ajira.Tech and CASA.Retail AI

https://www.linkedin.com/in/satvijayaraghavan/

 

Work Culture:

https://medium.com/@sat_88884/practices-that-we-evolved-to-suit-our-business-and-culture-part-1-hiring-bfd7d4e7269e

 

https://medium.com/@sat_88884/practices-that-we-evolved-to-suit-our-business-and-culture-part-2-performance-appraisal-salary-5ebff63a737b

   

Tech Stack:

Key technologies utilized as part of the platform:

 

1. Core Java, Spring Boot, Node JS, Python, Rails, Scala, Kafka, Spark.

 

2. Kotlin, React JS, Angular JS, React Native, native apps (android)

 

3. Postgres, Elastic Search, Kubernetes, CI/CD and automation, Keras, Spark ML, etc

 

Casa Retail AI product focuses on mid & big retailers and it is a one-stop solution for customer engagement. We help retailers improve their strategies by implementing various algorithms in predictive modeling, Neural networks, and other classifiers along with behavioral analytics, which intends to bring out the buying patterns of the consumers. Our product involves algorithmic bits from multiple disciplines and involves collaboration across various teams. We are trying to make sense of diverse unstructured data streams and engineer an intelligent product. We are looking for enthusiasts with a focus on Machine Learning Engineer to deliver theoretically elegant, algorithmic, and practically efficient, well-engineered solutions to hard problems.



Below are the attributes we would be expecting in this round:

* OOPS concepts have to be used
* This is not a competitive program round
* Follow your language's naming conventions for classes, functions, and variables
* Compact functions
* Meaningful names for functions/classes/variables
* Code reusability (no repetition of logic)
* Identification of domain elements and splitting them into classes with associated behavior
* Tests, if possible
* Console application
* Any IDE of your choice, any language of your choice

* We expect you to model well



Round 1- Code Test

Round 2- Code extension
Round 3- Database
Round 4 -System Design
Round 5 -Culture fit & HR Discussion 



Please don't use AI tools to solve the code

Pls share the code in the github or gdrive link.

You can take two  day to complete the problem statement.
